[Music]
Henry! Henry Aldrich!
Coming, mother!
[Applause]
Postum. Postum presents the Aldrich family written by Clifford Goldsmith and starring Ezra Stone.
Entertainment for All the Family brought to you by Postam, attempting wholesome drink for All the Family.
Friends, before we join the Aldrich family, let's imagine that the little voice we all have within could actually speak to us out loud.
voice ever say anything like this. Why do you keep putting it off? You know you're
nervous, so why don't you do something about it? Yes, if your nerves are on edge
you should certainly do something about it. For instance, if it happens that coffee
makes you nervous, you could easily correct matters by drinking post-em instead.
You see, even though many people can drink coffee without getting nervous, many
others and you may be among them, cannot. So if you think coffee sets your nerves on
Switch to post them as your regular mealtime drink.
Post them contains no stimulants, nothing that could cause nervousness.
Just drink fragrant flavor for post them instead of coffee.
And then after giving post them a fair trial,
see if that nervous jittery feeling isn't gone.
See if you don't feel so swell again that your inner voice says,
"Be smart. Stay with Post them for good."
[Music]
In the comfortable White House at 117 Elm Street, Centerville, USA,
live friends and neighbors of yours, the Aldrich family.
They live the same calm ordered existence that any family with a high school boy leaves
And if you know Henry Aldrich or any teenage boy, you know what that means
Our scene opens at the Aldrich breakfast table
Henry if I were you I wouldn't eat quite so fast, but mother I'm late here. You have plenty of time
It isn't ten minutes to age, but mother I have to attend to something on the way to school
May I have a piece of toast please? Yes, then father
Would you mind if I should ask you a sort of a technical question? What about well
Well, do you find in your law practice that most people get convicted?
Of what?
Well, of anything.
Say you're arrested, seat, and you're...
Well, what are your chances?
Henry, what are you talking about?
Nothing, mother. It isn't anything.
I guess I'll have a piece of toast, too.
Here you are.
Is there quite a market for bicycles these days, do you know?
I don't know why.
I was just wondering if a used bicycle brings much money.
Why?
Well, I'll tell you, Father, when a case comes up in court, I'm not speaking of anything specific.
What about it?
When a case does come up, Father, is it usually announced in the newspapers?
Henry, why?
Oh, no reason. No reason.
Well, that was a very nice breakfast.
Where are you going?
No place. I just had to decide I'd like to put in a telephone call.
Sam?
Well...
You think Henry's studying too hard?
I'll make your pardon?
He isn't himself, dear. Something is definitely on his mind.
That makes you say that.
Well, when Henry comes down to breakfast and his mind isn't on his food,
and look, he didn't even touch his banana.
No, give it to me.
Sam, I don't see how you can sit there and eat his banana and not even be worried.
Pass me that toast.
I'm going to stop worrying. It's short in your life.
But why would he ask the questions he did about being tried in court or something?
Alice, I get questions like that every day.
Well, so long, everybody. I got to get started.
Henry, you can't start for school this early.
For mother, it's important.
What's that you have in that package?
Why, it's just something I have to...
I'm going to... I bought it at the hardware store. Goodbye. Goodbye.
Bye. Boy, have I got a hurry.
- Sam. - Well...
Why do you suppose he just put in that phone call?
I have no idea. You have any more toast, Made?
Who do you suppose that is? I don't know, but it certainly isn't anything to get upset about.
Well, dear, I'm not upset. I'm simply wondering.
Hello? Hello? Is Henry there? No, he isn't.
Well, Mrs. Aldrich, this is Homer. Has Henry left already?
Oh, well that's good.
Homer, did Henry just call you?
This morning?
Yes, dear.
No.
No, did he put in a phone call?
I don't know.
Why did he leave so early?
Why?
I'd rather not say Mrs. Aldrich.
There's no sense in y'all worrying too.
What's that?
Goodbye.
Homer.
Homer?
Sam.
Why did Homer want?
He says I must worry.
(upbeat music)
- Sam, can you answer the door?
- I'm getting ready to leave for the office.
- Oh, very well.
Good morning, Alice.
- Why, Harriet, what are you doing over here?
- Yes, I am here.
I wanna have talk with both of you.
- Sam?
- Yes.
- Can you come here?
- I'm coming, but I can't stop.
- Then I'll go and try to have a talk with you, Sam.
What happened? Well, I don't know just where to begin.
Are you having trouble with the bank again?
It isn't the bank. It's your son.
Henry? Sam, I knew all the time something had happened.
Alice, he hasn't even told you what it is.
How can I if you don't sit down?
I can't possibly sit down, Harry. I'm late as it is.
Sam, sit down and stop taking this lightly.
Very well. I'm down.
Now, then, Henry told me a little while ago and asked whether he could come over and have a talk.
- Henry called you? - Yes.
And when he got there, he kept saying,
Now does anything to worry about, Anne-Harry? Nothing to worry about at all.
So naturally, I started to worry.
About what?
You want to know whether he can have some mail sent to my house instead of over here at your house.
And I said yes, never suspecting for a minute.
Never suspecting what?
I'm coming to that.
And then he said, when it comes, Anne-Harry, it'll come in somebody else's name.
Yes.
And I said yes.
And then I said, whose name?
And he said, are Mr. W. Webbers.
Who's Mr. Webbers?
When do you let me tell this?
I beg your pardon?
And he said I'm as proud as not to say word to anybody.
But who is this, Mr. Weber?
That Sam, where are you going?
I just wanted to make sure I have my briefcase.
Sam, it's right here on this table.
Oh, fine.
Thanks.
Now where was I?
You just promised Henry you wouldn't tell anybody.
Oh, yes.
Well, Sam, you aren't leaving, are you?
I'm sorry, Alice, but I have things to do.
You mean I came over here just for nothing?
No, not at all.
What you said is very interesting.
Really?
Yes.
Tell Alice some more.
It'll take her mind off her troubles.
Goodbye.
Goodbye, dear.
Well, Alice, do you think Sam takes his family as seriously as he should?
Bye, Harriet.
Well, would you mind if I'd use your phone?
Oh, no, not at all.
Alice, you're pale.
Well, I felt fine when I got up this morning.
Number three.
Now, wait a minute.
I know you were going to jump at me that fast.
Number three.
I'm looking it up for you.
No, that's not it.
It's L661R2.
L-661-R-2.
Operator, did you hear me?
I'm ringing your number.
Oh.
Hello?
Hello, is this Mrs. Brown?
Yeah?
Well, this is Harriet Bryan.
I don't want to worry you, Mrs. Brown,
but have Homer left for school?
Yes, he has.
Well, tell me, Homer and Henry
see a great deal of each other, don't they?
Yes.
They do.
Well, this Homer seemed to be worried lately
about Henry, I mean.
About Henry, what for?
Well, how's he been about himself?
Well, you know how boys always are.
Yes, I know how boys are.
And don't you worry, them as is brown.
What about?
Not a thing, but if I hear of anything else, I'll call you back!
Wait Henry, wait.
Homer, do you want me to be late for school again?
And Henry, if Mr. Bull sees us, you'll grab us.
She whiz, why does he have to live right across from the school?
I can't help it.
All I know is we can't cross the street to go to school until after he leaves his house.
about what time does he start for his office?
- Any minute now, we're only 10 minutes late.
- Boy, if there's one man in this town
that can lose his temper, it's Mr. Bull.
- Well, Gee, did you find out how much
it can get for the bicycle?
- Oh yeah, all we can get is eight dollars.
- Well, that's a nice thing Henry.
Gee, whizzer, we in a fix.
(upbeat music)
Alice! Alice, where are you?
Is that you down there, Harriet?
It is. Come down.
Goodness, I didn't expect to see you over here again this morning.
It's come, Alice. It's come.
What has a letter? What are you supposed to do?
Have you opened it?
I have not. I decided you'd be the one to read it.
Well, my gracious, I don't think that I should open a letter that isn't even addressed to me, Harriet.
Why not? Here.
W. Webber Esquire, care of Harriet Breyer, 11 Walnut.
Harriet, let me sit down for a minute.
Come think of it. Maybe I'd better open it and read it for you.
Maybe I can ease the shock.
The shock?
Harriet, I think we should wait until Sam gets home and let him open.
Now, Alice, you know we added you, Sam, will take.
You just laughed the whole thing and probed with the fireplace.
I think we should have it open when he gets here.
We can tell him what's in it.
Harriet, there's a phone.
I'll answer it.
You'll just sit here and get a hold of yourself.
No, thank you.
I think it's much better that I answer it.
It's better to more bad news.
If it is, I might as well know it.
Well, do you mind if I listen?
Hello?
Hello, is this Mrs. Orridge?
Yes?
Well, Mrs. Orridge, this is Homer Brown's mother.
I've just been trying to get your sister in. She doesn't dance.
Come on here.
Why, she's right here.
Well, I happen to think about something about Henry.
About Henry?
Henry, see, Alice?
Well, the school said to know home the other day, telling us that Homer's been arriving late every morning.
And so we've been having him start earlier and earlier.
Yes?
Alice, I'm going to get a chair.
But the earlier Homer starts, the later he seems to get to school.
Yes?
And just a few minutes ago, the school phone and said that Homer was late again this morning.
You don't say so.
Well, miss something.
What time did Henry leave this morning?
About ten minutes to eight.
And so did Homer.
And what I want to know is where those two boys go morning.
Well, Mrs. Brown, what's your theory?
Alice, give me that phone while I tell her what mine is.
Henry, where's the letter we started to write?
It's right here in my Latin book, Homer.
Well, let's see what you said so far.
You know what I said.
Well, can't you let me see it?
Here.
Dear sir, for several days my friend and I have been waiting for your legal advice,
which we requested in a letter describing our jam.
Did you write jam, Henry?
You think I better change it to mess?
Yes.
Go on.
Homer, wouldn't you think you'd answer the first one by now?
Henry, go on.
Where was I?
In a mess.
Oh.
Would you please advise us about fees?
A, if we win, B, if we lose.
if we lose. If we lose Henry.
Well, gee, Homer, Mr. Bowes an influential man.
You mean after going to all this trouble,
are folks still me find out?
(dramatic music)
- Any letters to be signed, Miss Thompson?
- No, Mr. Olbridge.
- Any phone calls? Well, I have a lot for lunch.
- Yes, Mrs. Olbridge. Mrs. Olbridge phoned once
and later her sister, Harriet Brier, phoned.
- Any message? - No, sir.
Mrs. Aldrich said she was just leaving the house.
It might have been my imagination,
but she seemed very much upset about something.
- Well, if her sister was still there,
she probably was upset.
- Yes?
- Harriet, Brian ought to do what I've decided to do.
Stop worrying.
- And also, Mr. Bull phoned about 11.
- Bull?
Tracy Bull, what do you want?
- He wanted to have a talk with you.
- What about it?
- I don't think he said.
- Thank you.
What's this law book doing on my desk?
- Oh yes, Henry dropped in during lunch hour.
- Henry, about his allowance?
- No, sir, he didn't mention his allowance.
He said he came in to do some research.
I see him.
He didn't seem to want to tell me what it was in regard to.
He went over your shelves very carefully
and then picked out that book and sat down in a corner
and studied it for about 20 minutes.
I wonder what teacher would ask him to read a thing like this.
Which book is it?
Volume 12, Crimes and Offenses.
And where, whatever it is, it's a good thing his mother
doesn't know about it.
Why?
You know, women, if they haven't anything,
don't worry about they'll dig something up.
Sam, I'm sorry to bother you, but we've got to see you.
Alice.
Oh, Sam.
Harriet, what are you and Alice doing down here?
We're worrying, Sam, and you, should be.
Yes?
Let's sit down.
What's on your mind?
It's Henry, Sam.
Yes?
I had a phone call from the school a little while ago,
Sam.
Mr. Bradley wanted me to come up right away
and have a talk with him.
Yes.
Sam, I don't like the way you keep saying yes.
You just wait until hours finish, hails.
Yes.
I mean, fine.
And Sam, when I went up there, they told me Henry had
been late to school almost every morning this week.
Yes?
Yes.
Well, I'll have a talk with Henry
and tell him he must be more prompt.
Well, I like that.
Sam was sure it's more serious than that.
Now, Alice, you're worrying over something
It doesn't amount to a raw pin.
But dear, I can't help it.
That's the way I see you.
Can't imagine how I see you.
Why, honey?
I started all this, and if you don't believe it,
take a look up there.
And what?
It's a letter that came in my mail this morning
to my house in care of me.
And I feel I had a perfect right to open it.
What is it?
Read it.
W Weber Esquire.
Who's he?
It's your own son.
And suppose he gets around town, Sam.
But there's a Mr. Weber getting mail at my house.
Yes, sir.
Yours of the 15s received.
I regret very much the pressure of other work
to them possible for me to consider your case. However, if it is as serious as
your letter would indicate, I would suggest that you get in touch with some
responsible lawyer at once. Why not, while in your own community, such as Mr.
Samuel Orridge, who will I feel sure treats your trouble confidentially, your
truly Norton Adams of Henry Law. Sam. Yes. But what has Henry done? I thought you
weren't worried. I am not. I'm not. It's probably. It's just naturally. You prove
with that volume on crimes and offenses Henry was reading.
Sam, what's there?
Miss Thompson, what time is it?
15 minutes after three.
Please call the high school and see what Henry has left.
Well, things certainly don't look too good for Henry and Homer.
But since there's no real proof they've done anything wrong,
let's reserve judgment.
And if you will, consider the proof that Postam as a good hot meal time drink for all the family is just about tops,
just about the grandest feet you could hope to get.
And is there any better proof than that more and more folks are enjoying Postam every day,
that Postam's popularity is drawing by leaps and bounds?
Well, as a matter of fact, there is better proof.
Your own keen pleasure when you take your first sip,
when you first raise a good hot cup of Postam to your lips,
and discover for yourself just what the words fragrance and flavor really mean.
Believe me, you'll bring in a verdict for a post-em, not because it tastes like coffee
for a dozen, any more than coffee tastes like tea.
But because post-em has a goodness of its own, a distinctive flavor is roundly satisfying
as anything you've tasted.
Now why not let your own taste tell you about post-em?
Yours and your families, including the children.
We can only tell you about the goodness of post-em, but you can enjoy it, and I'm sure
you will. Now getting back to the troubles of Henry Aldrich, Henry and his friend Homer
are in trouble. Just what the trouble is, their parents have been unable to figure out.
The scene opens on Aunt Harriet's front porch. Doesn't she seem to be home, Henry? I don't
Well, hello there. Hello, Anne Harriet. I'm sorry to bother you, but I wanted to ask you something.
Henry, why aren't you in school? School's over.
It's over. My goodness, what time is it? I don't know.
But it's over just the same, Miss Briar. What is it you want?
Well, do you remember when I dropped in for a second this morning?
I do. Well, I didn't leave a package, did I? A package? What was it?
Nothing. It was just... It was just...
It was just something we bought at the hardware store.
Oh, yes ma'am, and when I left the house this morning I had it with me now I can't find it.
I see, but you can't tell me what was in the package.
Oh, it wasn't anything. It was just a can of paint.
Paint? Black paint. Black?
Well, you didn't leave it here, and if you would excuse me, I'll go in the house.
Are you sure I did not? I thought I'd tell a phone somebody about something white this minute.
[music]
Yes, Harry. Yes, Harry.
Yes, Harriet, thank you for calling. Goodbye, Harriet.
Miss Thompson. Yes, Mr. Olrich.
Did you try to call the school? Yes, sir. The line's still busy.
Did you phone that attorney over in Middletown? Mr. Norton Adams, I called his office twice, Mr. Olrich,
and then I tried to reach him at court. Keep trying. In the meantime, I'll try one other place.
Number, please. Police headquarters. Police headquarters.
Miss Thompson, did you cancel all my other engagements for the day? Yes, Mr. Olrich.
Please headquarter, Sergeant Kelly speaking. Oh, Sergeant, this is Sam Olrich.
How are you Mr. Orridge?
As Argent, my boy hasn't gotten into any trouble down there, has he?
Oh, not that I know of.
I see.
You looking for anyone but the name of Weber?
Weber?
Double your Weber.
Any complaints filed against anyone but that name?
No, nothing against any Weber that I know of.
I see.
See, about how old is this Weber?
Why he's...
not Henry's age.
Well, the only charges we have here are against two unidentified boys.
They are one, it fucked Eddie Larson.
Yes?
As for stealing bicycles.
I see.
Did you say bicycles?
Yeah.
And you don't know who they are?
Not yet.
But we're working on it.
You know, it's always a hard thing to follow up.
Then kids get some paint and do the job over,
then you can't identify them.
I see.
Well, if you find out who the boys are, let me know.
Of course.
Goodbye.
Yeah, well, Chris Thompson.
Yes, Chris, you're all right.
See whether you can get Norton Adams at once.
Regardless of whether he's tied up in court,
I want to talk to him.
[Music]
Henry, is that you?
Yes, mother. It's Homer and I.
Did your father get you at school?
Was he at school?
No, Henry. He's trying to get you on the telephone.
Oh. Oh, I wonder why.
Well, I think it would be very much better if you let him tell you.
Oh.
Will you call him right away, please?
Well, I'll tell you, mother.
I think you'd better call him right away.
Yes, mother.
Homer, Henry, Henry, where are you going?
I'm on my way to the phone mother.
What's the matter, Henry?
Homer, I think my father knows about it.
What makes you think so?
Something tells me.
You're crazy, Henry.
Operator.
He was though, if your father knows, do you suppose my nose?
Henry!
Yes, mother?
When you get your father, when you tell him Mr. Bull will be here at 530 to see you?
Mr. Bull?
He's coming here.
Number please.
Why, yeah.
My mother, what's father's number?
numbers you know it doesn't well as I do oh yes oh six six both I mean to I'm
going home wait a second home going away Homer hello mr.
oldie just office mr. Thompson this is Henry if my father's busy don't feel you
have to bother him I'm sorry Henry but your father's just left from middle town
oh he did for middle town what's that Henry he did want to talk to you though
Well, mr. Thompson do you know what it was about? Yes
well
What was it? I think it would be better if you had the whole thing out with him. Oh
What did she say Henry? You'll see you when it gets home. Well, thank you. Goodbye
Homer, why do you have an extra bed over at your house?
Yeah, well look Homer. Why don't you invite me over and I'll take my pajamas see and when I get over there
I can call back and say you're begging me to stay.
Mr. Aldrich, is that you?
Yes, yes. Hello, Mr. Bow. Sit down.
No, your wife said I should wait for you here in the living room.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting, but I got tied up in Middletown.
Oh, yes? Trying to get in touch with a lawyer there,
and I got over there only to find that he'd been called over here.
Well, I'm anxious to have a talk with you, Sam, if you have a minute.
Yes, of course.
It's about a little deal I made with Ed Pratt.
Ed Pratt?
Yeah, I've practically to buy my car.
See, now he wants to run a gig on the deal.
What's the reason?
Because of a scratch on the fenders, Sam.
No bigger than that.
I bumped into a car that wasn't even moving.
Yeah?
Yes, well, I lost my temper at the time,
but my wife calmed me down and I never thought anything more about it.
I see.
Yes, Alice?
Could I take a new out here just a moment?
Excuse me.
I'm sorry to interrupt you, but it's quite important.
What's going wrong?
I don't know, dear, but Harriet just boned
and she said she saw Henry going by her house
with Homer a little while ago and Henry was carrying a suitcase. Mr. Bull, for that
matter of yours waiting till tomorrow I've got to get busy on something right
away.
Homer. Yes mother? I want to have a talk with you. The only thing is mother Henry's
waiting out in the hall. Homer why is Henry staying here tonight? Well he just
thought it would be a nice change for him.
Do the old did you know he's here?
Well, not right this minute, mother,
but he's going to phone them.
Homer, do you have anything you'd like to tell me?
For me, in what way?
Are you sure Henry hasn't done anything he shouldn't have?
Mother.
Homer?
Yes, Henry.
You want me to stay out here much longer?
You may come in now, dear.
Homer, would you remember not to become involved
in anything you're going to regret?
No, mother.
Boy, am I glad to be here, Mrs. Brown.
Why do you say that, Henry?
I don't know.
It's just the atmosphere here.
So relaxing.
Will you excuse me while I go to the door?
I'll go for you, Mother.
No, I'll go.
Mrs. Brown, if that's my father, would you mind telling him
I'm staying here tonight?
What's that?
Good evening, this day is this, Mrs. Brown.
Yes, sir?
Well, I'm Sergeant Kelly from down at Priesthead Waters.
You have a son by the name of Homer, haven't you?
Homer?
Homer.
I think my folks are worried about me.
I better go home.
I've been asked to try and find him and Henry Alders.
Henry?
What, Homer?
They've got us both.
[Music]
Now Henry, suppose you tell all of us exactly what happened.
But Father, why did you have me brought down here to the police station?
Because we couldn't find you. We didn't even know where you were.
Sergeant Callis tumbled into you. Now tell us exactly what you did.
Well, Henry, no matter what you've done, it's better for you to confess it and get it over.
Yes, Mother.
Henry, before you begin, could I say so?
You'll get your chance later. Henry Aldrich, now go ahead.
Well, it was this way.
It happened on the way to school one morning.
Henry, what I want to know first is where is the bicycle?
The bicycle? It was a car.
A car?
Henry, I thought it was only a bicycle. Oh no, it was a car.
That's why we were so scared.
Sure, a bicycle wouldn't have bothered us.
Henry, go on.
Yes, Father.
Well, we'd heard of a lawyer over in Middletown that we understood was pretty good at fixing things, so we wrote them.
I see.
Now just a minute, let's get back to that car for a second.
Yes sir. Well, at first we were going to paint the car over sort of, so the owner wouldn't recognize it.
You were going to try to cover it up?
Yes Father, I'm sorry but we were.
We did it once before and nobody found out.
How was it?
Henry and I did, Mother, it was easy.
One minute now, how many of these cover-up jobs have you gotten away with?
Just one.
That was on a car that...
...that never mind.
Henry, who suggested you do a thing like that?
Nobody, Homer and I thought it up all by ourselves.
But the owner scared us off.
Boys, do you realize what a thing like that can lead to?
Just putting a little paint on a car?
What do you mean just putting a little paint on a car?
Sam, I don't believe it.
Henry, look at me.
Are you making this up?
Oh, no, Father.
As long as we've started, I think it's better to tell the whole thing and get it off our minds, don't you, Homer?
The whole thing?
Henry, regardless of the consequences, let's hear everything.
Yes, Father. Only are you going to tell Mr. Bull?
Mr. Bull, Mr. Bull has anything to do with this, please begin.
But he has father. He's the whole story. What about him? Well, I was holding out my hand
See where out the window. I was signaling for homework. Let them know the coast was clear. Yes, sir
But then mr. Bull ignored my signal and came right on mr. Bull saw you know, that's the trouble
He just came right on wait a minute. What are you talking about? Isn't it clear? No?
Well, we were backing up see we were parking Homer's father's car
What's that show? We were almost late for school and I said, Henry, let's park here and run.
Go on.
And I put out my hand and the first thing we knew there was a terrible scraping of fenders
and Mr. Bull got out of his car and said I'm gonna sue you for this.
And where was the bicycle in the car?
Why bicycle?
That you took and were going to sell.
The one I took? I was going to sell my own.
Why? To get enough money to pay for the damage on Mr. Bull's car.
But I couldn't get enough.
And that's what this is all about?
Well, yes.
Well, why didn't you tell me when it happened?
Because Homer was afraid his father would find out.
Well, wait until your Aunt Harriet finds out about it.
What do you mean, find out about it? Here I am.
Harriet, where did you come from?
Sam, I've got everything fixed for you.
But Harriet.
Sam, I know it's going to kill you, but I've just gone and hired a lawyer.
A lawyer? What for?
To take care of Henry.
You mean I'm going to be sued after all?
No, Henry. Harriet, what have you been doing?
I've got Norton Adams for you.
But Harriet, there isn't anything to worry about, Alice.
He can clear this case up in a minute.
Yes, Alice, take Harriet over in the corner and tell her a few of the facts of this case.
You mean you know something I don't?
Henry, I hope for as long as you live you'll remember this.
Yes, Father.
Hasn't it taught you a lesson?
What?
I'm never going to hold my hand out of a car again.
[Music]
Henry Aldrich will be back in just a moment.
In the meanwhile, if coffee makes you nervous,
remember to drink Postam instead.
Remember too that Postam is a swell drink
for all the family, tempting in flavor
and most economical.
You can still enjoy Postam at its old time,
low cost of less than one half cent a cup.
So for tip top good taste and rock bottom economy,
get Postam from your grocery tomorrow.
(upbeat music)
[Music]
Now then boys, won't each have another chocolate soda?
No, thank you, Anne.
No, thanks, Miss Briar.
Well, can you imagine that?
Bob, trouble.
I've lost my automatic.
Your automatic.
You've lost it, Henry.
Your automatic?
Yes, I wonder where it is.
Henry, will you excuse me while I step into this phone booth?
Henry, where did you leave it?
Here it is.
Look, Homer, isn't it a beauty?
You punch the end here and the lead comes out here.
I wonder who she's phoning.
[Music]
Listen again next week to the Aldrich family same time same station for another sparkling half
hour with your favorite youngster his family and his pals. The Aldrich family starring as
Ruston is written by Clifford Goldsmith. Original music is composed and conducted by Jack Miller.
Mrs. Harry Van Zell saying, "You will enjoy fragrant flavor for Postam."
And remember, Postam contains no stimulants.
It cannot make you nervous.
Good night.
[Music]